README.md, before:

![Python build & test](https://github.com/software-students-spring2024/3-python-package-exercise-team0-3/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)

# GPT Coder

## Description 
This package is designed to help users write better and more fun code. It allows users to modify the conciseness, commenting, and readability of the code returned
by the GPT model. Through the usage of this package, users can expect code responses that are more tailored towards their preferences.

## Instructions

Ensure that you already have pipenv installed. If not, you can install it by running the following command:
```bash
pip install pipenv
```

In order to use our package, run this line in your terminal:
```bash
pip install gptcoder
```

Then, add this line to the top of your file:
```python
from gptcoder import GPTCoder
```

# Functions

1. set_language
    - Description: This function sets the language of the code to be generated.
    - Parameters: 
      - language_code: int
        - Description: The code corresponding to the programming language of the code to be generated.
        - Values: 1. Python, 2. JavaScript, 3. Java, 4. C, 5. C++, 6. C#, 7. TypeScript, 8. PHP, 9. Swift, 10. Ruby
        - Default: 1

2. set_conciseness
    - Description: This function sets the conciseness of the code to be generated.
    - Parameters: 
      - conciseness: int
        - Description: The conciseness of the code to be generated.
        - Values: 1-10
        - Default: 1
  
3. set_commenting
    - Description: This function sets the commenting of the code to be generated.
    - Parameters: 
      - commenting: int
        - Description: The commenting of the code to be generated.
        - Values: 1-10
        - Default: 5

4. set_readability
    - Description: This function sets the readability of the code to be generated.
    - Parameters: 
      - readability: int
        - Description: The readability of the code to be generated.
        - Values: 1-10
        - Default: 10
  
5. generate_code
    - Description: This function generates code based on the given prompt.
    - Parameters: 
      - code_prompt: str
        - Description: The prompt for the code to be generated.
        - Values: Any string
        - Default: None

<!-- add link to Demo program, blue underlined link to demo.py -->
[Demo Program](demo.py)

## Team Members
- [Nathanuel Dixon] (https://github.com/nathanuel0322)
- [Aarav Sawlani] (https://github.com/aaravsawlani)
- [Josh Forlenza] (https://github.com/joshforlenza)
- [Eugene Chang] (https://github.com/egnechng)

## Package Page
[gptcoder on PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/gptcoder/)

Commit message:

Add contributing guidelines and update team members' links

README.md, after:

![Python build & test](https://github.com/software-students-spring2024/3-python-package-exercise-team0-3/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)

# GPT Coder

## Description 
This package is designed to help users write better and more fun code. It allows users to modify the conciseness, commenting, and readability of the code returned
by the GPT model. Through the usage of this package, users can expect code responses that are more tailored towards their preferences.

## Instructions

Ensure that you already have pipenv installed. If not, you can install it by running the following command:
```bash
pip install pipenv
```

In order to use our package, run this line in your terminal:
```bash
pip install gptcoder
```

Then, add this line to the top of your file:
```python
from gptcoder import GPTCoder
```

# Functions

1. set_language
    - Description: This function sets the language of the code to be generated.
    - Parameters: 
      - language_code: int
        - Description: The code corresponding to the programming language of the code to be generated.
        - Values: 1. Python, 2. JavaScript, 3. Java, 4. C, 5. C++, 6. C#, 7. TypeScript, 8. PHP, 9. Swift, 10. Ruby
        - Default: 1

2. set_conciseness
    - Description: This function sets the conciseness of the code to be generated.
    - Parameters: 
      - conciseness: int
        - Description: The conciseness of the code to be generated.
        - Values: 1-10
        - Default: 1
  
3. set_commenting
    - Description: This function sets the commenting of the code to be generated.
    - Parameters: 
      - commenting: int
        - Description: The commenting of the code to be generated.
        - Values: 1-10
        - Default: 5

4. set_readability
    - Description: This function sets the readability of the code to be generated.
    - Parameters: 
      - readability: int
        - Description: The readability of the code to be generated.
        - Values: 1-10
        - Default: 10
  
5. generate_code
    - Description: This function generates code based on the given prompt.
    - Parameters: 
      - code_prompt: str
        - Description: The prompt for the code to be generated.
        - Values: Any string
        - Default: None
<!-- Include how a developer who wants to contribute to your project can set up the virtual environment, install dependencies, and build and test your package for themselves. -->
## Contributing
To contribute to this project, follow these steps:
1. Set up the virtual environment
    ```bash
    pip install pipenv
    cd path/to/project
    pipenv shell
    ```

1. Install dependencies:

    Our project's dependencies are listed in the Pipfile. You can install them with pipenv:
    ```bash
    pipenv install
    ```

3. Build the package:

    The package can be built using the pyproject.toml file, which contains the build system (poetry) and the project metadata. To build the package, run:
    ```bash
    poetry build
    ```

## Demo
<!-- add link to Demo program, blue underlined link to demo.py -->
[Demo Program](demo.py)

## Team Members
- [Nathanuel Dixon](https://github.com/nathanuel0322)
- [Aarav Sawlani](https://github.com/aaravsawlani)
- [Josh Forlenza](https://github.com/joshforlenza)
- [Eugene Chang](https://github.com/egnechng)

## Package Page
[gptcoder on PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/gptcoder/)
